README.md, before:

# bulk-video-review

See [`AGENTS.md`](AGENTS.md) for contributor guidelines.

## High Level

### Architectural

![](./dep-graphs/archi-graph.svg)

### `src`

![](./dep-graphs/src-graph.svg)

---

## DDD Related Graphs

### Domain

![](./dep-graphs/domain-graph.svg)

### Infrastructure

![](./dep-graphs/infrastructure-graph.svg)

### Application

![](./dep-graphs/application-graph.svg)

---

## UI related

### Components

![](./dep-graphs/components-graph.svg)

### Video Store

![](./dep-graphs/videosStore-graph.svg)

### Views

![](./dep-graphs/views-graph.svg)

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

```sh
npm run test:e2e:dev
```

This runs the end-to-end tests against the Vite development server.

It is much faster than the production build.

But it's still recommended to test the production build with `test:e2e` before deploying (e.g. in CI environments):

```sh
npm run build
npm run test:e2e
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

## Deploying

Deploys to Github Pages

```sh
npm run deploy
```

Commit message:

feat: integrate Structurizr CLI for video file extraction diagrams and add related scripts

README.md, after:

# bulk-video-review

See [`AGENTS.md`](AGENTS.md) for contributor guidelines.

## Video File Extraction Diagrams

Generated from the Structurizr DSL in `docs/structurizr/` (defaults to `video-file-extraction.dsl` unless you set `STRUCTURIZR_WORKSPACE`). Outputs land in `docs/structurizr/diagrams/*.png`:

### C1 - System

![](docs/structurizr/diagrams/structurizr-video-file-extraction-c1.png)

### C2 - Container

![](docs/structurizr/diagrams/structurizr-video-file-extraction-c2.png)

### C3 - Component

![](docs/structurizr/diagrams/structurizr-video-file-extraction-c3.png)

Run `npm run diagram:video` after ensuring Structurizr CLI and Graphviz (`dot`) are available. The devcontainer installs both via Dockerfile; otherwise set `STRUCTURIZR_CLI` (or `STRUCTURIZR_CLI_SH`) to your local install.

---

## Project Setup

```sh
npm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
npm run dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
npm run build
```

### Run Unit Tests with [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/)

```sh
npm run test:unit
```

### Run End-to-End Tests with [Cypress](https://www.cypress.io/)

```sh
npm run test:e2e:dev
```

This runs the end-to-end tests against the Vite development server.

It is much faster than the production build.

But it's still recommended to test the production build with `test:e2e` before deploying (e.g. in CI environments):

```sh
npm run build
npm run test:e2e
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
npm run lint
```

## Deploying

Deploys to Github Pages

```sh
npm run deploy
```
